capital = 90

oob = "ERE_1936"

recruit_character = ERE_dain
recruit_character = ERE_bingir
recruit_character = ERE_markthor
recruit_character = ERE_foldgraf
recruit_character = ERE_brothi
recruit_character = ERE_domor
recruit_character = ERE_eirek
recruit_character = ERE_grotur
recruit_character = ERE_laurik
recruit_character = ERE_margald
recruit_character = ERE_spalvi
recruit_character = ERE_thorin
recruit_character = ERE_dori
recruit_character = ERE_dwalin
recruit_character = ERE_gimli
recruit_character = ERE_bombur
recruit_character = ERE_bifur
recruit_character = ERE_bofur
recruit_character = ERE_gorli
recruit_character = ERE_linoin
recruit_character = ERE_burmi

set_research_slots = 3

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	gwtank = 1
	basic_light_tank = 1
	basic_train = 1
}


puppet = MOA
#further down: reload Moria politics
add_opinion_modifier = { target = MIR modifier = past_quarrels }

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1933.12.15"
	election_frequency = 84
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 33
	fascism = 20
	communism = 0
	neutrality = 47
}

### Reload Moria because it's broken otherwise :<
MOA = {
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = neutrality
		last_election = "1933.10.16"
		election_frequency = 36
		elections_allowed = no
	}
	set_popularities = {
		democratic = 15
		fascism = 0
		communism = 2
		neutrality = 83
	}
}
