capital = 163

oob = "GON_1936"

set_research_slots = 3

recruit_character = GON_gelnor
recruit_character = GON_golthor
recruit_character = GON_halhir
recruit_character = GON_inthol
recruit_character = GON_meldir
recruit_character = GON_norhun
recruit_character = GON_candur
recruit_character = GON_damrod
recruit_character = GON_echil
recruit_character = GON_arthon
recruit_character = GON_denethor
recruit_character = GON_gothmog
recruit_character = GON_ivriniel
recruit_character = GON_boromir
recruit_character = GON_faramir
recruit_character = GON_golasgil
recruit_character = GON_duinhir
recruit_character = GON_hirluin
recruit_character = GON_irolas
recruit_character = GON_ferdand
recruit_character = GON_everlau
recruit_character = GON_imrahil

set_convoys = 25

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	superior_firepower = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	gwtank = 1
	basic_light_tank = 1
	convoy_tech = 1
	early_destroyer = 1
	early_light_cruiser = 1
	early_heavy_cruiser = 1
	transport = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	basic_train = 1
}

create_faction = gondor_alliance

give_guarantee = RHD

puppet = ANG

add_ideas = GON_kingdom_without_king

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 43
	fascism = 4
	communism = 3
	neutrality = 50
}
