capital = 42

oob = "SHI_1936"


recruit_character = SHI_hayward
recruit_character = SHI_gerontius
recruit_character = SHI_lotho
recruit_character = SHI_paladin
recruit_character = SHI_diamond
recruit_character = SHI_rosie
recruit_character = SHI_odo
recruit_character = SHI_fredegar
recruit_character = SHI_robin
recruit_character = SHI_tolman

recruit_character = FS_frodo
recruit_character = FS_sam
recruit_character = FS_gandalf
recruit_character = FS_merry
recruit_character = FS_pippin
recruit_character = FS_gollum
recruit_character = FS_aragorn
recruit_character = FS_arwen
recruit_character = FS_legolas
recruit_character = FS_tauriel
recruit_character = FS_gimli
recruit_character = FS_bombur
recruit_character = FS_boromir
recruit_character = FS_faramir
recruit_character = FS_haldir
recruit_character = FS_lethsael
recruit_character = FS_tarborn
recruit_character = FS_rumil
recruit_character = FS_orophin



# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_support = 1
	trench_warfare = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
}

add_ideas = {
	no_standing_army
	free_trade
	no_mercenaries
	weak_centralization
	SHI_pacifist_country_0
}

ART = { puppet = SHI }

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = unaligned
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	cooperative = 24
	belligerent = 8
	revolutionary = 0
	unaligned = 68
}